Pierre Coulombe,
off-road vehicle enthusiast.
Welcome to this
postcard scenery!
What is special about
Mont-Saint-Pierre's trails
is the access points that we built
to all the vistas.
We made everything accessible
for both locals and tourists.
You need a certain amount of skill,
but the drop becomes
a real pleasure.
Every little bit
feels like an accomplishment.
It's the emotions
it makes us feel,
the mountains,
going up and down,
and as a reward,
you get that “wow” effect
from the panoramic views.
ATVs handle very well,
and they're lighter.
Side-by-sides let you ride
next to one another.
People share
emotions live, on the spot.
Both are excellent vehicles.
On top of that,
we get front-row seats
to this magical environment!